臭女孩我告诉你
The woman I like hasn't gotten it yet, ha.
Ah!
Ha-ha.
Stinky bitch, how dare you bite me
My brother save me save me
Help Me
Kid, you
you
Hahaha, oops, I said Mr. Shen?
I really don't know Jiangning
Is he your wife?
If only I knew
Give me a hundred guts
I don't dare to fight against you either.
Today, a family of Wang's Group recruited four masters
This is the price of your godson's incompetence
Oh, this is so wrong.
It's all my fault.
You let me go
That kid, I must educate him well
Did you just say it?
Don't come back
Brother Wang saves
how
Call your little white face to save you.
Come on, let him come.
This is my place
As long as he can come
scream
I'm waiting for you.
Are you in the company?